right that she's produced that often do
you know the past few morning's it's a
nice simple one normally I like to add
some green leafy greens in there but
this juicer doesn't really do leafy
greens very well at all so I usually
blend them up first but my blenders
broke but I got one in the post so I'll
do I'll do another video with the leafy
greens and a diet but a fan a what I've
been doing as a substitute is celery one
hole on a head of celery five or six
carrots medium size half a cucumber a
nice piece of ginger which really adds a
lot of nice flavor to it buddy you can
really overdo it if you put too big of a
piece I wouldn't say that was too big
you could add I'd have a bigger piece
than that but I'm running out of it to
die for medium sized apples that's it so
I see the juicer so you just turn it off
it's the chute
and
celery juice
facing certain death one-handed even
subsequent visits carrying
carrot juice
cucumber
the gingery don't get much juice out of
that but it's worth it this one
yeah it's always you should get smelly
right so I'm just gonna reduce the rest
of that and all that Cena said after a
while these pieces get full with the the
roughage so you have to take that off
and this is why they're a bit of a pain
you guys suit that ID with a plastic
spoon or something into the bean but as
you can see there's quite a bit of weiss
there and then there's all the juice
we've got so far about a point or so so
we just got the apples left you don't
hit peeler chorim anything just just put
them in as they are then the reason I
cut them off because the shoots is not
big enough to put them in any bigger I
have used the juicer before where the
the shoot was that big that you can just
put a whole Apple in and and he's gone
we'll add in apple juice basically the
sweetness I mean that's very alkalizing
obviously equities in cities but I'm not
so worried about think lately alkalizing
so that's all the juice done there as
you can see it's kind of a briny orange
color if you'd put Locker after bag of
spinach or some parsley in there or some
kale it would be completely green more
like that so that's what's in a green
juice it's just a vegetable and fruit
juice you want to clean this straight
wire if you just have running water bang
clean till these bits of fruit and
vegetable or a pain to clean off if you
leave it they just straight off to just
clean it out why don't clean ice a tiny
bit I'm adding the spirulina this is
gonna make the green juice green isn't
it on the gum mints
sighs only directions stir
tablespoon seven grams of powder to 250
ml of cold water or your favorite
beverage
- uncle too much all right
and so that was a bad tablespoon perhaps
a bit too much that'll do
all right so leaves the color it's just
hang all the stirring in table right
it's off stuff daddy in size you can see
it's now definitely a green juice
that's the submerge stuff man that's a
proper hardcore I've just had a sip of
it it's a sab solutely oh it's wonderful
ah that's mad it's gone but it's got a
really it's good she's got an elite / a
unique sort of tasty it's not a horrible
taste at all if you don't like the taste
of celery and things like that and this
doesn't taste like celery well I know it
looks like a strange sort of witch's
potion for this is what this is what I'm
I'm gonna have this morning now in the
mornings I'm sticking to dinner at like
a rule vegan so I have that I'm gonna
put that English bottle in a minute so I
have that and then I have like ten
bananas
timba darkness while I'm at work and
yeah so ten bananas and some green which
is a potion ah
I tell you what I've got a really weird
um a really weirdly nice taste to it
spirulina who'd have known I so some
blue green algea for breakfast